DOC-1995: Added TINY-9662 to the release notes. (#2731)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Directionality commands was setting the `dir` attribute on `contenteditable= "false"` elements within a `contenteditable= "false"` root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Directionality commands was setting the `dir` attribute on `contenteditable="false"` elements within a `contenteditable="false"` root.
```

//#TINY-9662

> In previous versions of {productname}, directionality commands applied the `dir` attribute to elements within a `contenteditable= "false"` root, which caused block elements that shouldn't be editable to be selected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, directionality commands applied the `dir` attribute to elements within a `contenteditable="false"` root, which caused block elements that shouldn't be editable to be selected. 
```

> === Directionality commands was setting the `dir` attribute on `contenteditable="false"` elements within a `contenteditable="false"` root.
> //#TINY-9662
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, directionality commands applied the `dir` attribute to elements within a `contenteditable="false"` root, which caused block elements that shouldn't be editable to be selected. 
> 
> As a result, the `dir` attribute of these block elements would be updated with either `"ltr"` or `"rtl"` values. To address this issue, {productname} now checks if a element is set to `contenteditable= "false"` first, and if it is, the `dir` attribute is **not applied** to the selection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Text directionality could be set on elements with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set when within a root with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set
//#TINY-9662

Previously, text directionality commands, which set the `dir` attribute, could be applied to elements with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set when those elements were within a root with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.

As of this release, {productname} now checks if a selected element has a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set. And, on elements with this attribute set, text directionality commands are not applied to the selection, as expected.
```

Edits.
